All right welcome back many students I hope you had a lot of fun doing this by yourself.
You probably have been doing this by yourself for a lot of lectures ago but that's OK.
All right.
If for some reason you weren't able to do it go back and look at the lectures that I've done this and
then refer to that and make sure that you do it correctly.
All right.
I'm not going to do it like I say I want you to do this.
I want you to start doing this.
So if you were sleeping or you were just watching me all the time now you're forced to make this happen
.
All right.
This is the name of the application you should have your database connection in place issue even be
open in your editor or Aiyer your DI EMV should be should have a database similar to this.
You should have migrated to the fold migrations.
You sure have a user register and logged in already and you shall have it open right.
So just do this and come back to if you have not done so.
Doing post a video and go do it right.
I'm forcing you to do this because I want you to learn.
I don't want you to come here fall asleep and not learn anything.
That doesn't make me successful.
What makes me sucessful if my students are smart by doing the work that I give them.
All right.
Anyway let's talk a moment with us.
So now when we do this make us we we create a mirror where we we we don't create a made away is already
there.
But let me show you.
And this is something that you already know.
But if we go to the home controller remember that I told you that I was going to explain to you about
this.
This is the middleware off I'm going to show you where they are.
They are in kernel that BHB.
OK.
And he's right here.
You see that.
So basically this off is the name like the alias for this class authenticate class and this class is
right here.
See it.
So we got the name space we got the whole path.
HVD be aware out the gate.
That's what he is referring to.
All right so every time we to use his middleware we refer to it by its name we could use the name space
if we wanted to the whole namespace but why.
When we have this property here that allows us to access this key right here and referred refer to it
by by the name right cool.
So what if we wanted to create our own made aware Well that's easy.
You come here you create a new file.
You follow this convention uppercase camel case basically as you can see two words here encrypt and
then and that's where these cookies.
This is redirect if any has a camel case conventions so you follow that make sure that your motto wares
have the name space on top.
All right and you can use the Fuquay if you using it.
All right nothing to say right.
Super simple.
OK.
But I don't want to create it manually.
You know we have already a command that does that for us so let's say I want to create a middle where
they has to do were roles so that way we can only allow certain users to certain parts of our application
so how we do this.
Well we say Beechfield isn't make middle where in now you name your middleware role.
Nowhere in this
answer has been created.
Now if you go to your middleware you can see we're all made aware right here.
While are done for us.
All right.
So this is how simple it is to create a middleware.
Now we're going to make this lecture very short because on the next lecture I'm going to show you how
to use them.
OK.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.